Update documentation (#5)
EdgarOrtegaRamirez/nvim-config: README.md

:checkhealth
```

> ## Install LSP (Language Service Protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install LSP (Language Server Protocol) Servers
```

Facilitates features like go-to-definition, find-references, hover, completion, rename, format, refactor, etc., using semantic whole-project analysis. 

> Neovim dotfile uses [Mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim) to easly manage LSP Servers. Here's [the complete LSP list](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim#available-lsp-servers). To install LSP run `:Mason`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neovim dotfile uses [Mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim) to easly manage LSP Servers and other tools. Here's [the complete LSP list](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim#available-lsp-servers). Run `:Mason` to see all of the available packages to install.
```

![mason](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6705160/177617680-d62caf26-f253-4ace-ab57-4b590595adca.png)

## Copy & Pase Support

> You'll probably notice you don't have support for copy/paste also that python and node haven't been setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll probably notice you don't have support for copy/paste, also that Python and Node.js haven't been setup.
```

- [codicon](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-codicons/raw/main/dist/codicon.ttf)
- [An emoji font](https://github.com/googlefonts/noto-emoji/blob/main/fonts/NotoColorEmoji.ttf)

> - For custom [Recursive fonts](https://www.recursive.design/) with [Nerdfont icons](https://www.nerdfonts.com/), go to the `assets/fonts` folder and download the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A patched version of [Recursive font](https://www.recursive.design/) with [Nerdfont icons](https://www.nerdfonts.com/) added. Go to the `assets/fonts` folder and download the
```
